the benefits of the pomegranate for your
skin in this article I 'll explain
as the rejuvenating effect of
Granada will help you maintain a skin
smooth and well-cared for antioxidants
of the pomegranate convert to this
suggestive autumnal fruit in a potent
elixir for the skin the pomegranate is a
extraordinary fruit seems to be
crowned and on opening shows a
collection of rubies is not strange
that attracted wise poets and
therapists as a symbol of beauty
femininity and longevity since time
old has been appreciated for its flavor
for being healthy and for its usefulness in
caring for skin and hair
currently experiencing a renaissance
in the hands of natural cosmetics that the
has chosen as the star ingredient of
creams facial and body oils
shower gels shampoos and other products
very indicated for mature skins its
edible part oar and the showy
crimson grains contain polyphenols
among them flavonoids as
anthocyanins and quercetin these
compounds with high antioxidant power
the organism protection against certain
types of cancer and diseases
degenerative and cardiovascular
can also explain their effect on
the skin and hair of the pomegranate
they get several cosmetic ingredients
like the seed oil and the
extracts grain or straight skin
white that separates them or the bark
each of these raw materials has
peculiar properties the skin ecija
white for example is astringent
which reduces the size of the pores
this is ideal in combination skins or
fats because it prevents the appearance of points
black pimples and acne the peel is
revitalizing as it stimulates the
skin metabolism reaffirming the and
strengthening your blood capillaries
the extract is indicated to treat the
melasma or dark coloration of the skin
in areas exposed to the sun a disorder
cutaneous disease associated with
estrogen and progesterone that affects
more to pregnant women to whom
take birth control pills and
young people with skin tones cinnamon
on the other hand the shell extract is
rich in tannins that improve adhesion
of dyes to hair keratin
and enhance its tone and brightness hence
is used in reddish natural dyes the
oil that is extracted from losar and those of
dried with the seeds inside
it is very appreciated an average is required
ton of grenades to obtain a
liter of oil by cold pressure
that justifies its price is composed
for essential fatty acids such as
gamma linolenic acid family
omega 6 and public acid
this exclusive substance of the pomegranate
suitable for mature skin is a great
anti-inflammatory regenerates calm skin
irritation and relieves eczema
Pomegranate antioxidants fight the
free radicals mainly
causing skin aging and
stimulate fibroblasts the cells that
they produce essential collagen and elastin
to keep the skin supple and supple
the pomegranate oil meanwhile
reverses and prevents aging
premature caused by agents
environmental
also like all oil helps maintain
hydrated skin is also useful as
protective shield when the cold starts
since it helps the skin adapt to the
changes in temperature between the cold
outside and the heated air inside the
massages with pomegranate oil are a
luxury and reduce muscle fatigue
how they see the pomegranate is a fruit that
we have to take into account at the time of
the purchase for all the properties that
gives us visit the website that is
below the video and discover remedies
natural hair care